In this coaching session that happened
during one of our live Q&As, we meet a
man who's procrastinating so much that
he's having a hard time getting his side
hustle off the ground. And during the
video, we discover the thing that's
really holding him back and how that
procrastination can completely dissolve.
So my question for you,
yeah, I
procrastinate a lot. Uhhuh.
And my question is, how do I get to the
root of that procrastination?
Um, what do you you procrastinate a lot
on what? Because there's there's [__]
you don't procrastinate on. For
instance, you procrastinate on this
call, putting your shirt on in the
morning. Yeah. Like, so what is it that
you procrastinate on?
Um, work stuff. So, I haveve I've got
I've got some clients again. So, not all
your work stuff do you procrastinate on?
No. No. So, what's the what's the stuff
that you procrastinate on in work?
Or you could call it, let's just say
side hustle, side project, which is
something of my own. Uhhuh. Okay. It's
looked like that for for a many years.
So it's the confluence of something that
takes care of yourself and money where
you procrastinate.
Yes. Taking care of somebody else and
money, do you procrastinate?
Could you say that again? If you're
taking care of somebody else and earning
money, do you procrastinate?
uh i.e. my my children. Um no, I do what
I need to do for sure. So the only place
you're procrastinating is where money
and taking care of yourself happens.
Yes. Is that is that accurate? Okay.
Gotcha. Okay. So what makes you not want
to take care of yourself?
Well, I mean I take care of myself well
physically. Yeah. What makes you want to
not take care of yourself financially?
I think I oscillate between fear of
success and failure. Gotcha. The the
fear of success is that I'll become
overwhelmed. Yeah. And I'll be unable to
How overwhelmed are you with the
procrastination?
Um, considerably so. Okay. So, it's not
overwhelm you're scared of. You're doing
it to yourself all the time.
How do you mean? Well, you're
procrastinating all the time. That's
overwhelming.
Yeah, that is. So, you don't have any
you don't have any fear of overwhelm.
That's happening all the time.
It does happen all the time. Yeah.
So, what's the real fear?
That that it'll
um that I won't be able to handle it.
ultimately it'll fail. So I think that
the fear of success is ultimately the
fear of failure because
it'll go up and then well hopefully so
that means when you're doing this stuff
so when you're working for somebody else
none of that shit's going through your
head. When you're working for yourself
all that shit's going through your head.
So when you're doing your work for
yourself give me a project that you're
procrastinating on. Um I've got a I've
got a I've got a website I'm I'm
building out just a niche website. Okay,
great. So, you're building out this
website and when you're doing it, how
does it feel different in your body than
when you're building a website out for
your kid or for or doing that kind of
doing work for someone else? Yeah. Well,
if if it was for my kid, for example, um
there'd be a lightness about it. There
would just wouldn't be any pressure.
Great. So, basically, what you're saying
is you do not want you procrastinate on
things that feel like [__]
Yeah. Yeah. Because I put I put so much
importance and pressure on me, you know,
that being the thing that uh it's that
or nothing, you know. Yeah. It defines
you. Like I'm gripping on Yeah. Right.
So, right. If every time you played the
guitar Yeah. you were like, "I got to do
this [__] perfect." You would not
play guitar.
Um, no. I mean, yeah. I mean, if every
time you doom scrolled and you were
like, I've got to [__] like do my
finger perfectly on that scroll, you
would stop doom scrolling.
Yeah. Right. Well, the the perfectionism
is is also at play here. Yeah. It also
makes for a shitty website. Great
websites connect. They're not perfect.
Yeah. It's it's it's the kind of
perfection where I'm not doing
everything, you know, redoing it and
redoing it. It's the kind that stops me
from starting. It's that kind of
perfectionism. That's right. That's
right. Because as soon as you engage, it
feels like [__]
Yeah.
And what happens is I I I run into this
um I have a really low threshold for
frustration and it feels like if I'm
taking a step forward then something
Yeah. will get in my way and that my
tolerance for that is Yeah. You almost
rage. Yeah. You're going to get in the
way. You're in the way. Yeah. Yeah.
You're not like, "How do I have fun
building a website?" You're like, "How
do I make a perfect website?"
Yeah, I am in the way cuz it's all too
much. Let's just say for a second you
were like, "Hey, I'm going to have fun
building a website for myself." The only
requirement, it doesn't matter how
[__] good it is. The only requirement
is that I have fun.
Yeah, there's there's a lot more energy
in that, you know? There's there's way
less friction. And it's like, well, and
what's the qual what's the quality of
the website going to be compared to if
you try to do a perfect assuming you got
it done, which I'm not going to assume
is true, but you got it done going this
has to be a perfect website and you got
it done saying I'm going to have fun
doing this
website. What would be the difference in
quality of the websites?
I'd imagine that the one that's fun will
be of of higher quality. Okay. But let's
assume that it isn't. Let's assume that
it's shitty quality compared to the
perfect one. Yeah. And then you're like,
you know what? I'm going to have fun
redoing my
website, improving my
website. Then eventually you'll you'll
get the website.
Yeah. It'll it'll it'll get done. Yeah.
It'll get done. Yeah. Yeah. I'll go a
lot I'll go a lot further when it's fun.
That's right.
And the only thing making it not fun is
that you somehow think it's important.
Yeah, that's that's right. It's like
it's it's the it's the world saving keep
me off the streets kind of. Great. Now
I'm going to make you really
uncomfortable. Okay. Yeah. Prove to all
of us that it's important. Your website
that it's important. Yeah. It's so
[__] important that it's not fun and
you don't do it. So prove to us why it's
so [__] important.
Because if I if I don't do it, then I
will be working for somebody else and
that I don't want to do that anymore and
I'll I'll my my income will be limited
and I won't get to where I want to be
and I won't be able to give my kids the
lifestyle that I want them to have.
and be the dad that I want to
be. I'll be
stuck. You are
stuck. I
know.
Yeah. Uh for a long time.
Yeah. It's so important that it makes
you stuck.
Yeah, I think that that you know beneath
that is the fear that I'll um
Which would you rather just curious
which would you rather to work for
somebody
else or to constantly be under the yoke
of a perfectionist?
Cuz that's your choice right now. And I
see which one you're making.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
I see that. You want to work for
yourself, you got to be a good boss.
Yeah. I got to take the pressure off
myself. That That is a way to put
pressure on
yourself. I've got to take the pressure
off myself. Yeah. Yeah. That's pressure,
isn't it? That's more pressure. Yeah.
So, how do I Could you imagine how
horrible I'd be at what I'm doing right
now if I needed to get a result?
Yeah.
Yeah. Probably wouldn't be sat here
still. Yeah. I would I would I would
hate my job. Yeah. Right.
Would you know how bad this session
would be if you needed to be perfect?
Yeah, it'd be pretty awful. Be pretty
awful.
So, how do you just
enjoy like right now? How do you enjoy
this moment 10% more?
This moment right now. This moment right
now.
Yeah, that looks like you did it. I just
appreciate that I'm here. Yeah. On a
call with you and all these these
people. Yeah. That's how you enjoy your
work more, too.
All right. That's it. That's it. That's
it.
Okay. So what I want you to do is for
the next week I want you to sit down in
front of your computer with the
intention to work and enjoy yourself.
And the most important thing is to enjoy
yourself. The second most important
thing is to work.
Fantastic. Thank you. So it's just oh if
I'm not enjoying myself stop what I'm
doing. Figure out a way to do it in a
way that I enjoy it. Yeah. Make your
work something that is lovely for you to
do and you won't procrastinate.
Yeah, I like that. Lovely for me to do.
Yeah. Yeah. All right. Thank you so
much. Good to be with you.